CPO-46 Restructure Troubleshooting Content (#132)
hazelcast/management-center-docs: docs/modules/troubleshoot/pages/management-center.adoc

> = Management Center

Reviewer: ```suggestion
= Troubleshooting Management Center
```

:page-aliases: ROOT:automated-security-scan.adoc, ROOT:troubleshooting.adoc, ROOT:ui-logs.adoc

> 

Reviewer: Can we introduce this page with a description of what it's about/who it's for.

= Troubleshooting Management Center
:page-aliases: ROOT:automated-security-scan.adoc, ROOT:troubleshooting.adoc, ROOT:ui-logs.adoc

> This section describes how to deal with common known issues and also how to take user interface logs of Management Center.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section describes how to deal with common known issues and also how to read the user interface logs of Management Center.
```
